---
title: Machine Translation for Customers
description: Product documentation about Adobe's machine translation program for customers, and how to provide feedback about the quality of the machine translation service.
doc-type: reference
---

# Language Support for Adobe Digital Experience Help and Support Content

Adobe recognizes that you rely on product help and support content to be readily available in languages supported by Adobe products. To fill this this need, To view content in the available languages, click on the world icon in the upper right-hand side of each support page to display a drop-down menu. Choose your preferred language.

## Select your language

You can view Adobe Experience Cloud product documentation in several languages.

1. Navigate to Experience Cloud [product documentation](https://helpx.adobe.com/support/experience-cloud.html).

1. Brows to find a help page (for example, [Analytics](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/landing/home.html)).

1. Click the Language Selector (world icon), then choose a language.

   ![Language selector](assets/language-dropdown.png)

   The page displays in the language you selected.

   ![Translated page](assets/french.png)

   If your language is not yet available in the menu, a message displays to let you click a link to translate the page, or view the English source. the page displays the one of following options:
   
   * **View the automatic translation:** A message displays to let you know that the content was automatically translated. You can veiw the translated content, or click to view the English source.
   * **Translate the page via the automatic translation:** Click the language link in the message to translate the page. This scenario occurs if you clicked the link to view the English source from a translated page.

1.  The content will be rendered in your language automatically. At the top of
    the page, above the product documentation title and search bar, you will see
    a light blue horizontal bar informing that the translation was automatically
    generated. It will offer a hyperlink to view the original English source
    content, if you prefer;

![A screenshot of a cell phone Description automatically generated](media/90c8bb8f0bed3f8442ade2282ae30b00.png)

[NOTE: screenshot source
<https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/ko-KR/audience-manager/user-guide/aam-home.translate.html>]

1.  The content may be in English. In this case, you are offered the option to
    trigger the automatic translation yourself, by clicking on the language
    hyperlink in the light-blue horizontal bar above the product documentation
    title and search bar. This scenario may occur when you have clicked on the
    hyperlink to return to the English source from the translated page. It gives
    you the option of viewing the translated page on-demand.

![A screenshot of a social media post Description automatically generated](media/33d5d285131d1266807fe503949dd1de.png)

The page renders in your language and you are offered a hyperlink to navigate
back to the English source, if you so choose.

![A screenshot of a social media post Description automatically generated](media/68dddaff79d5cf30ce692137edb5ef03.png)

[NOTE: Screenshot source
<https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/pt-BR/audience-manager/user-guide/aam-home.html>.
Does not consistently display this widget. It has been reported. Choose
Portuguese instead of the other languages. Best to click on the above link
rather than try to navigate to the English page and select the language from the
world icon.]

On occasion, the English source content might have been recently updated and
published before the translations were complete. Upon clicking on your language
in the dropdown menu, you will see a notification — in the light-blue horizontal
bar at the top of the page — informing that the page was automatically
translated from the previous version, with updated content to be available soon.
You will be offered the choice to view the most recent English source content in
a new browser window, if you prefer.

![A screenshot of a social media post Description automatically generated](media/3b30a0fd83888cb4bdc4d4bf5632a3a1.png)

[NOTE: screenshot source
<https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/de-DE/target/using/target-home.translate.html>]

**Why Automatic Translation?**

Adobe may take advantage of automatic translation capabilities in order to
publish product support content in various languages as close to content
creation time as possible.

Because support content is critical to product usage, we prioritize the
translation of content by skilled professionals, but may also opt for automatic
translation where velocity and urgency matter most to our customers.

Automatic translation is ubiquitous on the internet and its usage is generally
accepted as a powerful information-gathering tool. It has been widely adopted
for knowledge base content, where there may be little to no human intervention.
Although there have been major technological breakthroughs in recent years,
automatically-generated translations may contain occasional inaccuracies and
errors in language and meaning.

[Link to Legal Disclaimer, which could also appear on all MT pages.]

**Automatic Translation via the Browser**

If you have set your browser preferences to automatically translate any page
into your language, be aware that the resulting translations will differ from
those obtained through the Adobe page. That is because the service offered by
the browser may be stock translations, while the Adobe translations will have
been customized to adhere to Adobe style guidelines and terminology. In order to
obtain optimal automatic translation results, we recommend that you either
disable that option for this specific site in your browser preferences or click
on “Never…” each time.

![A screenshot of a cell phone Description automatically generated](media/e32647be2a5113ae9bd3827220801cba.png)

[NOTE: Screenshot source
<https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/ko-KR/analytics/admin/home.translate.html>]

**Known Issues**

You may occasionally experience issues with the automatic translation output,
such as incomplete translations, corrupted characters or page layout issues.
These may be caused by any of the various authoring, publishing, or translation
technology tools we use. We will make every effort to list the known issues here
below.

| **ISSUE ID** | **DESCRIPTION**                                                                     | **STATUS** |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| G11N3558     | Some Audience Manager pages are half English and half translated (French, Spanish). | OPEN       |

[NOTE List of known issues in this format, like this example
https://www.tableau.com/support/known-issues]

**Feedback**

Whenever content is automatically translated, either by default or user action,
there is the option to provide feedback to Adobe about the translations. In the
light-blue horizontal bar at the top of the page, you may answer “Yes” or “No”
to the question, “Was this translation useful?”. Adobe collects this valuable
metric and analyzes the compiled data in order to make decisions about content
translation. We value your feedback and encourage you to respond.

![A picture containing sky, photo Description automatically generated](media/4e1fd86c91cb303f749093ca52d73171.png)

In the future, we plan to allow you to provide more extensive feedback, in the
form of logging an issue, making suggested improvements, and even requesting
additional languages. Some of these features are already available on the
English pages. In the long run, we believe this will help Adobe improve the user
experience on these pages.

![A screenshot of a social media post Description automatically generated](media/528342461e17b4d464fcaf782c20ff76.png)

[NOTE: Screenshot source
<https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/admin/manage-report-suites/report-suites-admin.html>]

**Legal Disclaimer**

[NOTE: Original Adobe disclaimer dating back \~5 years. It was human translated
into 30 languages already.]

The following article has been automatically translated using automatic
translation technology. Because the translation was done by a computer program,
the translation may contain errors. Adobe offers these translations so that more
articles are available for more users worldwide.

[NOTE: not to be published, but a reference for the DX authors and publishers
who will adapt this content to fit Adobe’s style.

REFERENCES:

<https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DMaG11n&title=MT+widget+for+Digital+Experience+documentation+pages>]
